added docs restructuring (#81)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/sdk/Transactions.md

---
id: transactions
title: Signing & Sending Transactions
displayed_sidebar: developSidebar
---

**This section covers how to sign and send transactions on the Subsocial blockchain.**

All posts and spaces are associated with public key pairs called accounts.
So, these structures can be created or updated via [transactions](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/api/start/api.tx/). And you need to use a wallet / extension to sign these transactions. Therefore, Subsocial supports the [Polkadot {.js} extension](https://polkadot.js.org/extension/), which allows you to easily manage your keys in a browser.

> > If you are new to the Polkadot ecosystem and want help to understand the Polkadot{.js} extension, read this [doc](/docs/tutorials/).

Reviewer: Can we just delete this entire section and talk about Talisman and SubWallet instead? Polkadot.js is trash

## Creating a Space

You need to add 2 more dependencies for this

```
  yarn add @polkadot/wasm-crypto @polkadot/extension-dapp
```

> Add these methods to interact with polkadotjs wallet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add these methods to interact with the polkadot.js wallet:
```

```typescript
// Sign and send transaction using polkadot.js web extension.
// Arguments: [tx] is the transaction object, accountId is the wallet adddress, callback is a method
// that listens to events of the transaction processing. See example: [logTransaction].
export const signAndSendTx = async (
  tx: any,
  accountId: string,
  callback?: (result: any) => void
) => {
  const { web3FromAddress } = await import('@polkadot/extension-dapp')
  const accounts = await getAllAccounts()

  const addresses = accounts.map((account) => account.address)

  const containsAddress = addresses.includes(accountId)
  if (!containsAddress) {
    throw Error('Address not found on Polkadot.js extension.')
  }

  const { signer } = await web3FromAddress(accountId)
  await tx.signAsync(accountId, { signer })

  await tx.send(callback ?? logTransaction)
}

> // Fetch list of available accounts from the polkadotjs extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Fetch list of available accounts from the polkadot.js extension.
```

// It returns list of accounts, each account have address and other metadata property.
export const getAllAccounts = async () => {
  const { isWeb3Injected, web3Enable, web3Accounts } = await import(
    '@polkadot/extension-dapp'
  )
  const injectedExtensions = await web3Enable('subsocial-starter')
  if (!isWeb3Injected) {

>     throw Error(`Browser do not have any polkadot.js extension`)

Reviewer: Not sure if this code is used elsewhere, but it should be "Browser does not"

  }

  if (!injectedExtensions.length) {

>     throw Error(`Polkadot Extension have not authorized us to get accounts`)

Reviewer: Should be "has" instead of "have"
